Security page and smaller updates (#10492)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/api_tests/http_tests.md

## Configuration

> After choosing the type of test you want to create ([`HTTP`][4], [`SSL`][5], [`TCP`][6], [`DNS`][18], or [`ICMP` test][7]), you can define your test's request.

Author: ```suggestion
After choosing the type of test you want to create ([`HTTP`][4], [`SSL`][5], [`TCP`][6], [`DNS`][17], or [`ICMP` test][7]), you can define your test's request.
```

  * **Proxy URL**: Specify the URL of the proxy the HTTP request should go through (`http://<YOUR_USER>:<YOUR_PWD>@<YOUR_IP>:<YOUR_PORT>`).
  * **Proxy Header**: Add headers to include in the HTTP request to the proxy.

  {{% /tab %}}
  
  {{% tab "Privacy" %}}

>   * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent response body from being saved at runtime. This can be helpful to ensure no sensitive data gets featured in your test results. It however needs to be use mindfully as it can make failure troubleshooting way more challenging. You can read more about our security recommendations [here][8].

Author: ```suggestion
  * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent response body from being saved at runtime. This can be helpful to ensure no sensitive data gets featured in your test results. It however needs to be use mindfully as it can make failure troubleshooting way more challenging. You can read more about our security recommendations [here][1].
  
[1]: /security/synthetics
 
```

  * **Proxy URL**: Specify the URL of the proxy the HTTP request should go through (`http://<YOUR_USER>:<YOUR_PWD>@<YOUR_IP>:<YOUR_PORT>`).
  * **Proxy Header**: Add headers to include in the HTTP request to the proxy.

  {{% /tab %}}
  
  {{% tab "Privacy" %}}

  * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent response body from being saved at runtime. This can be helpful to ensure no sensitive data gets featured in your test results. It however needs to be use mindfully as it can make failure troubleshooting way more challenging. You can read more about our security recommendations [here][1].
  
[1]: /security/synthetics

  {{% /tab %}}

  {{< /tabs >}}

3. **Name** your HTTP test.

> 4. Add `env` **Tags** as well as any other tag to your HTTP test. You can then use these tags to quickly filter through your Synthetic tests on the [Synthetic Monitoring homepage][9].

Author: ```suggestion
4. Add `env` **Tags** as well as any other tag to your HTTP test. You can then use these tags to quickly filter through your Synthetic tests on the [Synthetic Monitoring homepage][8].
```

  * **Proxy URL**: Specify the URL of the proxy the HTTP request should go through (`http://<YOUR_USER>:<YOUR_PWD>@<YOUR_IP>:<YOUR_PORT>`).
  * **Proxy Header**: Add headers to include in the HTTP request to the proxy.

  {{% /tab %}}
  
  {{% tab "Privacy" %}}

>   * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent response body from being saved at runtime. This can be helpful to ensure no sensitive data gets featured in your test results. It however needs to be use mindfully as it can make failure troubleshooting way more challenging. You can read more about our security recommendations [here][1].

Author: ```suggestion
  * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent response body from being saved at runtime. This can be helpful to ensure no sensitive data gets featured in your test results. It however needs to be used mindfully as it can make failure troubleshooting way more challenging. You can read more about our security recommendations [here][1].
```

>   * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent response body from being saved at runtime. This can be helpful to ensure no sensitive data gets featured in your test results. It however needs to be used mindfully as it can make failure troubleshooting way more challenging. You can read more about our security recommendations [here][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Do not save response body**: Select this option to prevent response body from being saved at runtime. This can be helpful to ensure no sensitive data gets featured in your test results. Use mindfully as it can make failures troubleshooting more difficult. Read more about security recommendations [here][1].
```

| Type          | Operator                                                                                               | Value type                                                      |
|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|

> | body          | `contains`, `does not contain`, `is`, `is not`, <br> `matches`, `does not match`, <br> [`jsonpath`][10] | _String_ <br> _[Regex][11]_ <br> _String_, _[Regex][11]_ |

Author: ```suggestion
| body          | `contains`, `does not contain`, `is`, `is not`, <br> `matches`, `does not match`, <br> [`jsonpath`][9] | _String_ <br> _[Regex][10]_ <br> _String_, _[Regex][10]_ |
```

> | header        | `contains`, `does not contain`, `is`, `is not`, <br> `matches`, `does not match`                       | _String_ <br> _[Regex][11]                                      |

Author: ```suggestion
| header        | `contains`, `does not contain`, `is`, `is not`, <br> `matches`, `does not match`                       | _String_ <br> _[Regex][10]                                      |
```

#### Fast retry

> Your test can trigger retries in case of failed test result. By default, the retries are performed 300 ms after the first failed test result-this interval can be configured via the [API][12].

Author: ```suggestion
Your test can trigger retries in case of failed test result. By default, the retries are performed 300 ms after the first failed test result-this interval can be configured via the [API][11].
```

Location uptime is computed on a per-evaluation basis (whether the last test result before evaluation was up or down). The total uptime is computed based on the configured alert conditions. Notifications sent are based on the total uptime.

### Notify your team

A notification is sent by your test based on the [alerting conditions](#define-alert-conditions) previously defined. Use this section to define how and what message to send to your teams.

> 1. [Similar to monitors][13], select **users and/or services** that should receive notifications either by adding an `@notification`to the message or by searching for team members and connected integrations with the drop-down box.

Author: ```suggestion
1. [Similar to monitors][12], select **users and/or services** that should receive notifications either by adding an `@notification`to the message or by searching for team members and connected integrations with the drop-down box.
```

> 2. Enter the notification **message** for your test. This field allows standard [Markdown formatting][14] and supports the following [conditional variables][15]:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Enter the notification **message** for your test. This field allows standard [Markdown formatting][14] and supports the following [conditional variables][14]:
```

A notification is sent by your test based on the [alerting conditions](#define-alert-conditions) previously defined. Use this section to define how and what message to send to your teams.

> 1. [Similar to monitors][12], select **users and/or services** that should receive notifications either by adding an `�@notification`�to the message or by searching for team members and connected integrations with the drop-down box.

Author: ```suggestion
1. [Similar to monitors][12], select **users and/or services** that should receive notifications either by adding an `@notification` to the message or by searching for team members and connected integrations with the drop-down box.
```

### Use variables

> You can use the [global variables defined in the `Settings`][16] and the [locally defined variables](#create-local-variables) in the URL, Advanced Options, and assertions of your HTTP tests.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the [global variables defined in the `Settings`][15] and the [locally defined variables](#create-local-variables) in the URL, Advanced Options, and assertions of your HTTP tests.
```

| DNS               | DNS entry not found for the test URL. Possible causes include misconfigured test URL, wrong configuration of your DNS entries, etc.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `INVALID_REQUEST` | The configuration of the test is invalid (for example, a typo in the URL).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `SSL`             | The SSL connection couldn't be performed. [See the dedicated error page for more information][17].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Author: ```suggestion
| `SSL`             | The SSL connection couldn't be performed. [See the dedicated error page for more information][16].                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

[5]: /synthetics/api_tests/ssl_tests
[6]: /synthetics/api_tests/tcp_tests
[7]: /synthetics/api_tests/icmp_tests

> [8]: /security/synthetics

Author: ```suggestion
```

> [9]: /synthetics/search/#search

Author: ```suggestion
[8]: /synthetics/search/#search
```

> [10]: https://restfulapi.net/json-jsonpath/

Author: ```suggestion
[9]: https://restfulapi.net/json-jsonpath/
```

> [11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions

Author: ```suggestion
[10]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions
```

> [12]: /api/v1/synthetics/#create-a-test

Author: ```suggestion
[11]: /api/v1/synthetics/#create-a-test
```

> [13]: /monitors/notifications/?tab=is_alert#notification

Author: ```suggestion
[12]: /monitors/notifications/?tab=is_alert#notification
```

> [14]: https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/

Author: ```suggestion
[13]: https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/
```

> [15]: /monitors/notifications/?tab=is_recoveryis_alert_recovery#conditional-variables

Author: ```suggestion
[14]: /monitors/notifications/?tab=is_recoveryis_alert_recovery#conditional-variables
```

> [16]: /synthetics/settings/#global-variables

Author: ```suggestion
[15]: /synthetics/settings/#global-variables
```

> [17]: /synthetics/api_tests/errors/#ssl-errors

Author: ```suggestion
[16]: /synthetics/api_tests/errors/#ssl-errors
```

> [18]: /synthetics/api_tests/dns_tests

Author: ```suggestion
[17]: /synthetics/api_tests/dns_tests
```
